# v2.0.0

### What:

> Major Enhancement

By default CloudFront Origin Access Control (OAC) will be used instead of Origin Access Identity (OAI)

If you already have CF created with version older than `v2.0.0`, to continue using OAI set `continue_using_legacy_cloudfront_origin_access_identity = true`.

To switch from exsting OAI setup to OAC, due to race condition which causes aws_cloudfront_origin_access_control is in use by CloudFront error, below steps need to be performed.

1. Terraform apply
2. Manually update the Origins OAI to OAC from CloudFront console.
3. Terraform apply once again

#### Why:

OAI is deprecated, and OAC is recommended by AWS.

#### info:

```
variable "continue_using_legacy_cloudfront_origin_access_identity" {
  description = <<EOF
    Whether to continue using Legacy CloudFront Origin Access Identity.
    For backwards compatibility with resource `cloudfront_origin_access_identity`, set `continue_using_legacy_cloudfront_origin_access_identity = false` to continue using CloudFront Origin Access Control.
  EOF
  type        = bool
  default     = false
}
```

# v1.5.1

### What:

> Enhance

(An exceptional usage) Optional to define a custom Origin name to the default origin.

#### Why:

#### info:

```
variable "default_origin_descriptive_name" {
  description = "A descriptive name for the default Origin. This is not the origin domain. A name is autogenerated if not specified."
  type        = string
  default     = null
}
```

# v1.5.0

### What:

> Fix

Variable `ordered_cache` inputs requirement fixed, earlier all the args were required while originally some of them are optional. Now those that are optional have been set optional.

> Enhance

TLS version updated to `TLSv1.2_2021`

#### Why:

#### info:

# v1.4.0

### What:

> Feature

Option to specify custom name to the Origin bucket created in this module.
Variable `default_origin_bucket_custom_name`: In exceptional cases, A custom name for Origin bucket created in this module.

#### Why:

#### info:

This is distinct to variable `origin_bucket` which allows to use the bucket created outiside this module instead of creating a bucket in this module.

New variable:

```
variable "default_origin_bucket_custom_name" {
  description = "Use this only in exceptional cases. A custom name for Origin bucket created in this module. If not specified name will be generated by the module."
  type        = string
  default     = null
}

```

# v1.3.2

### What:

> Fix

aws_s3_bucket_accelerate_configuration API error if acceleration is not enabled on bucket creation. Acceleration enabling or disabling changed to resource condition instead of the `aws_s3_bucket_accelerate_configuration` status condtion

#### Why:

#### info:
